cordova/plugin/cardconnectplugin/cardconnectplugin/ApiBridgeImpl.java
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.ApiBridgeImpl
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.ApiBridgeImpl$1
io/ionic/keyboard/CDVIonicKeyboard.java
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$1
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$2
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$3
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$3$1
org/apache/cordova/device/Device.java
 org.apache.cordova.device.Device
org/apache/cordova/splashscreen/SplashScreen.java
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$2
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$3
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$7
cordova/plugin/cardconnectplugin/cardconnectplugin/SharedPreferenceHelper.java
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.SharedPreferenceHelper
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.SharedPreferenceHelper$1
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/AndroidProtocolHandler.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.AndroidProtocolHandler
io/ionic/starter/MainActivity.java
 io.ionic.starter.MainActivity
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/WebViewLocalServer.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$1
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$2
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$AssetHostingDetails
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$LazyInputStream
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$LollipopLazyInputStream
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$PathHandler
org/apache/cordova/whitelist/WhitelistPlugin.java
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$1
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$CustomConfigXmlParser
org/apache/cordova/statusbar/StatusBar.java
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$1
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$2
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$3
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$4
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$5
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$6
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$7
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$8
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$9
cordova/plugin/cardconnectplugin/cardconnectplugin/GsonUtils.java
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.GsonUtils
cordova/plugin/cardconnectplugin/cardconnectplugin/MainApp.java
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.MainApp
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/UriMatcher.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.UriMatcher
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/IonicWebView.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebView
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebView$1
cordova/plugin/cardconnectplugin/cardconnectplugin/SwiperControllerManager.java
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.SwiperControllerManager
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.SwiperControllerManager$1
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.SwiperControllerManager$2
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.SwiperControllerManager$3
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.SwiperControllerManager$4
io/ionic/starter/BuildConfig.java
 io.ionic.starter.BuildConfig
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/IonicWebViewEngine.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine$1
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine$ServerClient
cordova/plugin/cardconnectplugin/cardconnectplugin/SpinningDialogFragment.java
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.SpinningDialogFragment
cordova/plugin/cardconnectplugin/cardconnectplugin/BaseActivity.java
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.BaseActivity
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.BaseActivity$1
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.BaseActivity$2
cordova/plugin/cardconnectplugin/cardconnectplugin/MainActivity.java
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.MainActivity
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.MainActivity$1
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.MainActivity$2
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.MainActivity$3
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.MainActivity$3$1
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.MainActivity$4
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.MainActivity$5
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.MainActivity$6
cordova/plugin/cardconnectplugin/cardconnectplugin/cardconnectplugin.java
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin$1
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin$2
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin$3
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin$4
cordova/plugin/cardconnectplugin/cardconnectplugin/SwiperTestActivity.java
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.SwiperTestActivity
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.SwiperTestActivity$1
cordova/plugin/cardconnectplugin/cardconnectplugin/UrlFragmentDialog.java
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.UrlFragmentDialog
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.UrlFragmentDialog$1
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.UrlFragmentDialog$2
cordova/plugin/cardconnectplugin/cardconnectplugin/BaseFragment.java
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.BaseFragment
cordova/plugin/cardconnectplugin/cardconnectplugin/SwiperTestFragment.java
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.SwiperTestFragment
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.SwiperTestFragment$1
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.SwiperTestFragment$1$1
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.SwiperTestFragment$2
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.SwiperTestFragment$3
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.SwiperTestFragment$TokenListner
cordova/plugin/cardconnectplugin/cardconnectplugin/CustomFlowActivity.java
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.CustomFlowActivity
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.CustomFlowActivity$1
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.CustomFlowActivity$2
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.CustomFlowActivity$3
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.CustomFlowActivity$4
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.CustomFlowActivity$5
 cordova.plugin.cardconnectplugin.cardconnectplugin.CustomFlowActivity$6
